oneway
[Music] ticket 666 on FES my witch I'm purple
[Music] to I SP Dragon Venom from Hell into the
heavens which girl Le the Vixen most poisonous of kissing liquid Smokey
tripping hopping to the hipping h r b is Hing on Hopper they tripping
doctors they be stripping slay bank money printing Wall Street start be
hitting the wet the sweat is dripping how many pills they taking the banker
smells like bacon in Ro pedophiles be hanging in Greek words I be slanging
high fire tracks banging babylon's vaping honey on the radio The Man Who
Laughs it up more Penny wise with the end current adult
surprise all night in the cup make you feel all right sleeping tight make you
see the light Venus my do is coming right AA S V
them in your eyes welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is better than Muse tonight we're going to have some am andu on Friday but not
tonight tonight is just the bed of the Muse and it's because I have something special I have something special for
you tonight I'm going to bring you the
crucifixion for the first time it will
make sense because and only because it is a
reality reflected through the gorgeous gorgeous woman I am standing beside
tonight and who is she she's sexy mother Greek that's right
that's right right through her why because we have to remain scientist people get the aliens out of here where
chewy Chey there's aliens here again these stupid aliens get out of here with
your probes and your
abductions and your lizard people oh I hate that
one oh okay fantastic I feel we've purged we've
purged tonight so all we have to do is to hone in on that time and place
amen how did you come to Earth yes we hone
in on that time and place and we go
there right who do they call these people these are the sons of
God these are the sons of God we are
prophets and how do we get there I'm going to tell you a story
tonight that is history and as usual the actual history
is way more interesting than the fairy
tale the fairy tale You Follow The Who and the h
and the Virgin birth and it doesn't matter because that
reality didn't exist I'll show you the one that did through the very
words and this is where this magic trick becomes so difficult that I can't do it
without my assistant The Muse I can't do it I can't pull it out
myself I need something some kind of cheat so what are we going to do we're going to pull it right through the
words it's magic right out of the words I'm G to give you a vision of Jesus
Christ crucified it's so lovely by the way for
those of you who are here who can feel who can feel your
soul who can feel your Soul's attraction to my
[Music] words yummy that's all I have to say to
the ladies of Lady In
Salon thank you for bringing back the Renaissance here's to everything you
do love it Satanic congregation let's gobble this up because we get to go in
tonight and we get to see the crucifixion for the first time the first
time now what am I gonna tell you troops before we go in I want you to be looking
for drugs these Dirty Bastards
these psycho monest these
prophets do you know what they do
they connect with that voice they connect with
it are you ready to watch them get to work are you ready to watch them now tonight's pathway is provided to you by
complete and total Randomness which seemed to work out pretty good so I just want to emphasize that for anybody who's
paying attention we've got ears to hear tonight in the text I'm going to show
you you see all this cult stuff you're so lucky you get to see it
all as you go out there I want you to be looking for the drugs we're going to be raiding these people oh I'm sorry I
forgot to tell you I deputize everyone in the congregation I deputize you all
what are we we are transdimensional child protective
services that's what we are and we are really pushing to get to the abuse of children
it's ultimately where we end up when we jump into the Bible isn't that
interesting isn't that interesting so um that's the badge that we're wearing tonight I deputize you all here we go
we're going to be looking for the drugs as standard we're going to be looking for cult activity and we're going to be
looking for sex sexual activity that makes us very uncomfortable
so put on your courage this is the Bible
yeah chewy I want to take us first before we go anywhere I want to take
everybody at the congregation go down to this picture right here yeah go ahead go
ahead oh God does everybody see this this is Mount
tamus and what happened on this Mount this is where the
Meads came into being this is the source and the origin
of the mystery from this
mountain from this mountain came the bonic flood that swept across Asia and Europe
was from this place ultimately that the voice at delie
hearkened back to this is the
worship of somebody who will bring us the
Savior this is the power of the bakic
ritual that forged in our history a religion that you ultimately
sprang from talking to us all monest
descendants what did they do they did a
mystery they did a mystery and I'm going to show it to you now the funny thing
is and I'm saving the climax for the end you're not going to believe it because you need to see other people other dead
people saying dude this dude's a total pirate right and this kid stuff let me
explain to you what he's doing with them right so you need to see that stuff
we're agents we have to go in and where are we going in we're going into the history we're going right into where
Jesus is right in so tonight if you are uncomfortable with this sort of welfare
check on Jesus and
his underage Associates yeah I want you to be looking
for the drugs always people they told you this at the
Academy the drugs will always show you what they're doing it's a fingerprint of
what they're doing some pretty crazy stuff I'm going to show you a Jesus tonight tonight right I'm going to show
you a Jesus before Pilate like you've never
seen and it's not coming from me it's coming from Antiquity okay so you have to realize
that none of these are my ideas right all we do right all we do is
we give them the sources okay let's put out if we're going to if we're going to promise
thanks everybody for coming appreciate appreciate everybody showing
up giving your time and I want you to know this mining this is my gift to you and you
know you love it you know you love it okay are you ready to see the crucifixtion for the
first time let's go let's go give me the first one in the order of Randomness that is
the universe we start with the drugs
Jesus on the night of his
apprehension was surrounded by drugs here's the first example that that we
have what did they do um they gave to him wine that was
smic it had Smyrna in it now these wines are of various
strengths and different potencies and do all sorts of different things what is
this particular activity you're going to see drugs that are associated with
sexual ritual I'm going to show you a woman in the midst of a sexual ritual
involving Jesus let's go look right from the beginning they're giving him drugs right from the beginning where was that
I don't know somewhere on his journey here's Mark 14:48 and what happens Jesus
responding he said to them right how'd you come out here like a Malay
days how'd you come out we've all seen this you came out with your big weapons
right like your Swamp People give me the next one that's the night preceding the early morning hours
preceding his crucifixion all the way up to this point
in Mark by this time you've got a crowd of people formed within just a few hours and what
are they doing they're screaming out St
Alon crucify him crucify him something he
did got him to this point within a very short period of time give me the next
one he knew it was coming he knew it was coming right what is Jesus's State of
Mind before the crucifixion we know he's stumbly bumbly
confused and won't answer questions he's stumbly bumbly confused
and won't answer questions that's all through what the text tells us why because he's been somewhere all
night in a room with 12
underage boys that he has lured away from their
parents we have the we have the luring scenes right did you ever wonder that
well you think in the fairy tale you think well there he is Jesus right you know if Jesus walks up and asks me for
my kid right I'm going to give him my kid no you wouldn't no you wouldn't I'll
send a guy down to your house tomorrow dress like Jesus yeah no you wouldn't do that do you see
the reality that you have to peel back all of the garbage theology from it's
just sitting there just get rid get rid of the Theology and look at what the text is saying just make it very human
make it very human you know what the most technologically advanced people in
Antiquity and the Le Bron's age did they were women and they were known to be
exceptionally good with human speech I mean it sounds kind of silly doesn't it
right but um they are using language that is
enabling them to take scientific leaps and they're doing so in the
pharmacology and that's where we're getting this mystery from that's where we're getting this mystery from so good thing ladies ladies keep it
up love it love it right oh God where's the Amazonian bring out the Amazonian is
there a way jwy to get the Amazonian woman to come out did we did you have a
pick or anything I don't know give me the next little bit of evidence here that's gonna show us the
crucifixion by the way people these are all authentic clues about what's going
on here's Mark 157 there's this dude
barabus and what is barabus doing there he's there for
stasis it says it twice it uses it in a verbal form and a nominal form why they
want you to make sure this dude was an insurrectionist when they had a
choice the mom mob when the mob had a
choice that had assembled between Jesus and an insurrectionist they chose Jesus
to send to the Cross so you have to realize the level of hate in the now I
know you thought it was Disney and it was oh Mel Gibson the devil's walking in
the ride like a third grader Mel you know what you got to do Mel
you gotta go look up Inky Doo you gota you gotta go back to that
Sumerian garbage oh I'm sorry I know I know all
of you all of you near Eastern lists you leave your
comments but you know underneath when you go to bed at night you know the
Greek devil is laying with your wife
love it it's yummy oh God people this is elevating stuff can't you feel it
elevating right give me the next one come on we need to keep going um what
happened Jesus right he breathed out right after his last great
voice yeah he issued out that Spirit
pelma pelma what's going on is this normal death nope
nope nope and it's not considered a normal death now remember while on the
cross Jesus is not dying of crucifixion he's not dying of
crucifixion he's dying purposefully because he is performing a
mystery that involved a few hours earlier a lot drugs and a naked
kid with a bandage on his hooa a medicated
bandage yeah okay so here we are here we are
with Jesus in the process so do you see what's happening the mystery is to be put into
death and resurrected chemically
what's he done he started the process [Laughter]
but very very ironically he gets crucified in the
process can you imagine being in that altered state imagine this people just
for a minute sit back on the throne by the way sit back on the throne do your s cian thing right where's everybody doing
their cyan right do it now imagine this is your
trip your trip involves a descent an
uncomfortable descent into death right now when Jesus is in the
garden did you see him descending into death oh God and then a rest
Resurrection in order for there to be an initiation in order there to be a
toit are you ready to see Jesus use the very words himself while Jesus is being
crucified he is undergoing the mystery death and
rebirth oh my God oh my God where's the stuff did we
get the stuff back from the lab that was on his face keep keep going chewy keep going keep going right this must have
been the worst the very worst trip on the planet the very worst trip on the
planet can you imagine this okay this is Mark
15:34 in the ninth hour he shouted out great voice what is it that he shouts
out as he's exhaling his
life sabak well we know one
thing it's addressed to
dionis Who Do You Think sabak Thon is and some of you will say it's Hebrew oh
it's aric oh come here come here do you know where you are now you're in
professional Fight League son of a [__] with a stupid
son now people just read the Greek please please
somebody read the Bible you never thought if I had have known this I'd have told the devil I'd have been like
what do you mean I got to convince them to read the Bible I said no come on man seriously
I'm teaching people to read the Bible I'm teaching them I'm graduating them you better be afraid because there will
be an army of
elite Greek translate mofos and these people will not fall for
aliens or Nephilim or stories
of no these are the people of Earth I know them their descendants of
uranos isn't that nice oh God it's all in
AR and that rulership it's everything right now you
understand the Thrones give me wait Chewy give me another text here give me the yeah look Pirates more Pirates um
and with them they crucified two Lac St now I I've been talking about this for a
long time people are here and they're like yeah dude dude we know this right but I want people to see it because I'm
always getting comments where are your sources hey for all of you
morons who keep telling me where you s that's all I have for you sources you
really that stupid you can't
be please what does he say here there's two pirates that are crucified one on
his left one on his right that's all I want you to realize that did you know
that there early Christians considered Jesus to be a pirate did you know that I'm going to
show you what am I resurrecting I got this dead dude I got
this dead dude oh oh God oh God we don't know what to call him Christian Pagan we
don't know we don't know and he tells us such strange things such strange things
we love him I got him at the end here and he's gonna give you a a new look at
the crucifixion chewy I'm sorry look people are like get to it I'm eating dinner is anybody eating dinner put that
chicken down Ry give me the next one go for it no I'm just kidding eat up love
it um take some of this people yeah um what what does Jesus
say about himself that's going to happen he says before the crucifixion he says
after my Awakening I'm going to go preemptively
to Galilee did you know that Jesus
planned on awakening and everybody says oh
crucifixion resurrection and they really don't understand what they're talking
about he's talking about process within the mystery of his
resurrection his Awakening right this is
medical this is a cult that is performed performing medical operations you didn't know Jesus
was going around and they were calling him you know doc somebody's sick can you
help what is this it's after his and people that was a beautiful if you want
to go back and know leave him up there okay I told you look for the drugs and the kids um leave it up there um this
one yeah good uh that Awakening
is a thing that people often confuse did did you hear that was that a coyote I
think I was I think creepy Jesus with his buddy there his Apostle I think we
just heard a what was that like a that was like some kind of queen coyote oh
that was lovely I kind of put my chills there go old man get to it
okay here we go um the person of you that has ears to hear R right let them
hear the pelma Let Them hear it are you ready I'm going to take you somewhere right now
I'm going to take you to the cult off of
Talus and I'm going to show you what's going on in the cult and I'm going to do that thanks to the Muse through the book
of of Revelation or the apocalypse as I prefer to call it the
apocalypse are you ready for the apocalypse the one who has ears to hear
Let Him hear what the spirit says good let him hear what the spirit says what
did Jesus do when he was hanging on the cross he took some ox
sauce he took some ox sauce yeah he took some ox sauce and he said
do you know what a tete is a tete is an initiate in a mystery who has been
submerged into death and
resurrected with white linen
gowns do you see what he says here
because right after he says this he slumps
over he slumps over on the cross people are watching him right there's a following of his there watching him
right he is entered and he knows it and
that's why he drinks the oxis he is entered the death he knows he is he's
already said I am afraid my soul is at the point of
death yes and taking of the fruit you won't
die he knows he knows how it works and he knows
he's taking what he needs to take in order to come back that
oxus I'm going to show you a source give me the next one give me the
next one oh God you didn't realize it was so druggy did you right it's so
druggy the whole thing Christ is a drug term people why did nobody see that
Christ is a drug isn't it funny let's laugh right satanic congregation let's let's Mock and Jer tonight shall we
there's a time and a place for everything there's a muse of mocking
yes why why did it take people so long to figure out what a Christ was right
imagine all the dead people from the Middle Ages the times of
darkness when civilization classical civilization gave in to the
monest power what happened things went to
garbage things went to garbage no no no no this this is before then and we are
still performing the
mystery oh God how many drugs is Jesus gonna be on give me the next
one watch this people um that is one account here's another
from John they're G giving him that sponge right which is full full of the o
sauce right okay why are those people who are
standing around offering Jesus
drugs why give me the next
one because he needs the antidote to what he
has just been tripping on in the garden with the naked kid remember he could
barely walk kept falling on the ground screaming about death coming
death ah it's like a he's
tripping he's tripping on these drugs that they're mentioning
right and he doesn't want it to happen what is the dude saying can we hear from
Jesus himself from this he just turns up his prayer let this
stuff let it go away right oh God what is this hour that must
be endured now you can either see this in
the fairy tale it's h and his father's H and he's H
and everything is right or
you can see it that they knew what these drugs did to the body
and he saw what was coming and to be quite honest with you you know I hate to
give him any credit but when he says it's
tough when he says it's tough to enter into these rights with the naked kid I
kind of had a Little Bit of Sympathy for him just a little bit just a little bit but the fact that he made up 12 beds for
those teenagers in some shady Place some shady Motel
Six it wasn't even that sophisticated I'm sorry Motel 6 I'm sorry but I've had
some shade you know what I mean um
look I'm gonna check in overnight in a shady place and I'm going
to make sure there are 12 beds there I'm going to take all of my
students give me the next one give me the next one this is all leading up to
that crucifixion so he is entering into that mystery we know he is because Mary
has has forced him to basically gave him the jet fuel to take off right remember
one of the effects one of the effects of these drugs is to make you rock
hard physically in a in a
reproductive sort how do I explain it um supposed to give you prism medically
prism right there it's sustained and uncomfortable erection right it's a medical don't
blame me it's a medical thing right what is Jesus witnessing what is
he saying out of his mouth during this period where he is undergoing the mystery he says he's in great
pain his soul is pushed to the brink of death do
you see that in the second line thanu do you know where his perception
is going he's going to hell only there there's no Priestess
there there's no overseer to guide him in that process he's just in an open
Park and he's been freaking paranoid all night so he's just in an open park with
a naked kid there for the antidote
sake this guy got hooked and then crucified can you believe the trip that
was the crucifix you know you haven't seen the crucifixion have you you haven't you
haven't seen it imagine the very last words on
Jesus's mouth were an
incantation from Greek magic the very last words can you
imagine what that trip was he knew he was going he knew he'd
come back right they're going to revive him only the problem is you're being
crucified oops Panic people talk about his
screaming and stuff and you get all masochistic you people the Watchers were
telling me it's disgusting it's absolutely disgusting that that you get so masochistic about
this stop being that way oh that one caus me to see the future
let's go to the next text what happens oh god um I I just
want you to focus on one word right this is what Jesus's mental state was we have
e b and AD Mon and what are those things one is
kind of a struck like uh have have you ever seen somebody on
drugs osru okay and the other one is uh it's
not quite demented right um it's not quite but
it's not really on the same
plane right there's something going on the thought's not so good chief
right dude probably has some kind of demon or something he's he's talking
about this depressing stuff and he's going into dying give it to me and what does he
say um in the midst of his crucifixion out of his own mouth he says look I'm
not going to drink oh I'm sorry this is not during the crucifixion this is during the dinner with the
kids right he's not wait what he's not not do you remember he drugg the
kids he's not going to drink anymore of this cup of wine until he drinks it he
says Kon new in the kingdom of God do you know
where Jesus Christ was going through the mystery do you know where his plan was
do you see the mystery in Opp reparation what did they say about the
process it's a process of waking up it's a process of understanding and of
hearing the voice and of hearing the
voice huh okay all right so is Jesus using the
very same lingo that you know um priests Greek priests will use of course he is
of course he is he's performing the same rights right he's performing the same
rights fantastic you understand okay are you ready for this remember the crowd
says crucify so that must have been really really cool as he was entering
the death State can you imagine because he knows he's dying right and what what
do the text say that happens to people who enter the death State via these drugs you can't tell you can even take
their pulse and you can't tell that they're alive oh God can you imagine he's
entering into that state while he's being
crucified what a what an interesting crucifixion you know what I mean there
were other people mocking him there too one of the one of the Pirates was like ah you suck
yeah why I'll tell you why it's the first question he got asked everywhere he went
are you the Christos and you
say m no no sir you were
wrong are you the one are you
the Christ question they asked them all over
the place nobody nobody seemed to bother how do these people know Christians wake
up how do these people know what a Christ is if it doesn't
pre-exist they're all interested in it the Jewish authorities the
Romans what is this dude huh uhhuh look at them do you understand the
contempt now do you understand because they knew what he would have to be doing
with that naked kid that they tried to apprehend but couldn't because he was
slippery and he got out and he got out right before Jesus said you're going to
scandalize me all of this as the leadup with drug reference after drug reference
after drug reference give me the next one I'm going to make you shocked tonight we're almost there let me see
the roll down let me see roll down here yeah we're almost well we got a little bit I'm going to connect it in okay so
look people taking this copy this cop he's with his kids all the beds are
made nice right and he does what he blesses
this cop thanks Jesus what am I going to be drinking
what am I going to be drinking well he gives it to them and he tells them all you know they got a drink from they
drank from it give me the next one do you know what happens when you bless
something do you know what happens you thought it
was no no it's not you're fortifying
it you're fortifying it uhhuh you've got to give the kids their drugs you
wondered why they were so sleepy when he wakes them up and takes them to the
park in the meantime what's going on I don't know but Jesus is now talking
about death do you see how the spiral is into the right you didn't know that
Jesus was going through the right as he was being publicly executed
yeah fantastic this is for Christ baby how do you think he hears the voice of God what
did you think man comes out of the water he's like uranos opens and all of a
sudden he's like ah run into the Wilderness this dude is a freak on
drugs and he's getting crucified and what is UN what is what is
UN undeniably the most horrific
way to go through a drug trip yeah I can't imagine much worse yeah it's no
wonder Mr stagger was all and confusion was all like ah right I'm not saying
anything zip it's not because it's not because uh
you know he's being intelligent or anything you think oh it's because he's he's doing the will of God no it's
because he's dope and staggering yeah he's dude is incoherent
you think I'm making that up I'm going to pull up an author you've never seen tonight it's coming I'm gonna pull up an
author I'm gonna show you he says the very same thing as a matter of fact I took it from
him I love it I love it right this is not my idea none of this is my idea it's
just the texts and when you actually read them there's so much more interesting look what we're already into
man the dude is you're sitting there thinking about it get on the throne and think about sitting there on a cross
getting crucified when you were going into a death right that
involves death and Resurrection right New
Birth ionic life do you want ionic life Jesus got it the hard way now watch this
but there's a surprise [Laughter] ending there's a surprise
ending yeah the drugs wore off give me the next one give me the next one what's
happening he says to the 12 what oh yeah he's gonna baptize he's gonna baptize
people I just want you looking at that imto menos what is he talking about he's
talking about dying but he's really talking about about taking a
substance and dying a piece of bread with that
substance to take and what is this people people people people leave it up for a second Joy people this is cult
right you're watching right in front of you and he's doing it to his 12 kids
it's Jesus Cosby oh my God oh my God okay now hold it see
congregation I know you're not going to be a stomach this right right it's that whole thing that's the one place that's
the one place we're always drawn is that final Justice and why is that because you and I we're
deputized right we work for the transdimensional child protective services what is that thing on the
screen oh my God ah okay look people um eat
up slay in your beds and eat up and you say just a matter of
hours before this dude is to get crucified he's doing this to these to
these students of his in motel ancient Motel
[Laughter] hex yes
unfortunately so all of this to create the State of Mind of the Savior right
are you the Christ they're always asking him are you the Christ
right what do you think was angering them because you know what the Christ
uses this antidote it's that oily kid that we couldn't couldn't capture you know I
mean dude ran off there there's those little runaway dudes there are dime a dozen man they all have their you know
what they do to them out there they chop their testicles off and they turn them into sex slaves that are controlled by
the use of drugs and I'm not just talking about you're giving them hits a crack Ryan I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about a sophisticated control where you're turning that person into a sax
machine right you give somebody so much X Y or Z made a laboratory next thing you know they're looking like death
they're not doing that you can take these boys you can castrate them and the
Thracians by the way have a trade in this they know how to do
it did somebody say zagreus right do you
know why dionisis is associated with the
pirate yeah yeah he turned them all into
animals he turned them all into animals yeah love it give me the next
one throw me on we're still getting crucified we haven't opened up with the big ones yet I'm going tonight the
climax is going to be the end forgive the people who are who who have already left us forget your people you're not
going to get brought to the to the top of the mountain you know what I mean yeah we're going to the top of that
mountain tonight yeah yeah yeah wonderful um I
just want you to look at the second line and I want you to notice one word estr
Menon the dude showed them the place they were going to be staying and it was
prepared the beds were made up okay the beds were made up so
whatever Jesus is doing he's taking 12 students to a place
where they know they're going to be staying overnight now a lot of you may say well that doesn't necessarily imply
remember this is after giving them things that are tainted with drugs and
the best example of that is Judas because what does Judas do Judas goes
out turns him in and shortly thereafter dies of an
overdose of a sex
drug depress this baby give me that some give me that give me
that bepress this it had too much in it it had too much in it you know you can
take those things and you can end your end Your Existence if you're not
careful right it's a it's a careful art being a Christ is a very careful art
you've got to be sure that the stuff that you're putting into people's
eyes it's the stuff that will get them be beyond the death into that zone that
is worth bringing all that knowledge back from death and Resurrection baby it's a
drug thing you haven't seen the crucifixion before I know you haven't
because you thought he was sitting he what was he doing he was taking what he was accepting the sins of the world what
are you smoking
what are you people the biggest the biggest lunatic drug users on the planet are the people who smoke that fairy tale
they smoke it and you know you can't intervene because it's their dope you can't
intervene the best thing to do is to show them what their dope is and their
dope is a dude is arrested in a public park with a naked kid and he's getting crucified currently give me the next one
here's what I want to bring you this is from Luke yeah good good good good good good
so um this crowd is forming right and um the people
that are in it are people who are not ignorant of what the dude is up
to right and they say look this one this one's the Christ
the one is chosen let him save
himself let him save himself if he is the
Christos right not the anointed king
no but one of those who have been initiated who have been there and back
one of those who can do that stuff that he does like heal the
sick right cast out your demons he did that a lot with
Mary he made her eat his eulate it's in one of the texts the
Christians don't like letter letters of Mary or something like that lesser
letters of Mary one of those right this is all a part of the
process that we have if we are a pirate because what do pirates do they
condition children to enter the sex trade they condition students to enter
the sex trade and what are they using they're performing the mystery right it was anomia it was
lawlessness yes that Jesus himself was doing he was performing forming it even
Paul said that it's already in operation that mystery of
anomia that's the place we are without law do you understand Lady Justice has
to be served these creeps have to get what they get and that's what you and I
are living for we're part of that child protective
service instinctively I mean instinctively if you're not look if you
don't like kids and dogs right I'm sorry kids and animals would just say animals
if you don't like kids or animals my grandmother would say you're a
turd let's get back to it it's an internal Justice you see people it's
nothing now you know why that stuff ripples out into the ether right and people want to hear what
right because they have that instinct to protect those children if you're a pirate like Jesus was you're swimming
Upstream you're taking those kids and molding them look what he did look what
he did boom blew up into an organization
with money you could have sold that stuff
Jesus you could have kept it quiet and just sold it turned your tricks you had
to go big you had to go big and he did he hit the theater of the crucifixion
imagine that you have to understand imagine you're ending your
life in a public execution where they are bathing you in
drugs your followers know what you were doing right Mary's not stupid you're the
one who you're the one who offered your SE demon you know there's a whole sack that does this by the way Jesus is not
the only one there's a whole sack they call me of fites they do the Sean
communion what right hanging on the cross with these
drugs on board the pirate is truly
suffering it's beginning to sound like the sins of the world were heaped on
that guy's shoulders it's speak didn't sound like it daddy's son is a dirty
pirate give me the next one um people let's go somewhere quick look people
don't have time we got what do we have here he said look you never put your hands on me right what you what what are
you doing right um this is the he's Jesus is being given in to this
Authority right this is the hour of his Darkness
okay this is a stage in the drug right you enter the
darkness you enter the darkness and why are you saying that because that's what they all say oh my
God Jesus is being crucified while he is dying in a right that is meant to cause
you to die and then come back
and he's fully erect he's fully
erect now what's supposed to be happening this is supposed to be some
interaction of that aspect so that while he enters the death he enters in a state
of mind that is let's just say orgasmic does that have anything to do I
don't know what the physics of that are I don't know what the brain chemistry that is can we even can somebody
research that I don't think you legally research that that but there he is on
the cross and now you understand why they mocked him on the cross because he was a
Christ why do you think they're always stripping him because he's got an erection he's got an erection a
sustained painful erection to follow him down into
the depths of Despair and death oh dude what a dude this Jesus
this Jesus Christ was what a dude give me the next one these people are like look you're making me go too long
tonight right um this is where they're all gathered around him he says look you
know um why' you come out here with all your big weapons like I'm aay stays I
just want you to keep seeing it look at the third and fourth line okay it's just there's so much Jesus is in great
agony one more picture of Jesus I want this to be a physical picture and chew I
want you to try to match this when Jesus is in the
struggle that he is in in the garden when he enters that place that he
asks please don't let this freaking happen he goes for it what
happens he gets this hros on on his head that's thick like
clots of blood he gets this he thros is sweat generally it's sweat but it can be
any sort of ooze that you have on your skin any
runny runny clotty stuff thickening drying out that kind of stuff on your
skin he's got it on his face and it's enough of it that it's
dripping down onto the ground around him you see
when Jesus got Christ did he went full out he went full out so did you realize
what happened the cops showed up and he had a face full of drugs he had a face full of drugs still
don't believe me keep going keep going let's see it right it's the history I
want go ahead I want you to go here people focus here Focus here do you see this
map right I want you to look in the center I want you to look at the aan C because the aian C is the great mother
of all the linguistic advancement that Greek made okay she is the
lubricant the fluid of life that's what she is you see that dark blue that's
where mother Greek just pounded everybody just dominated and killed everything else in its vicinity you see
the light blue right that is where the Greek dominated
but but there was enough of a clash of the locals that it wasn't so forceful as
it was in that deep blue you couldn't live in that deep blue without getting saturated with Mother Greek look at all
the colonies around the Black Sea look at all those colonies around the Black Sea this is centered look we even got
over to Italy right Sicily right look at the center of the storm it
is the Great Sea it is the Great Sea that's where I want to take you I want
to take you to where those influences are I want you to look at where modern-day turkey is or Asian Minor and
I want you to look at the coast the western coast and I want you to see it's beautiful city there on that western
coast Sardis baby I want you to see it you know what this is this is the reason
Jesus is hanging on a cross do you know what that is in the background that's tamus and do you know what this Temple
is oh ladies hold yourself back hold yourself back right okay come on
restrain Artemus aremis do you know where all the
christing drugs are coming from they're coming from these
people those are Greek
using p people who are building
temples to the huntress who pours
poison Thea and this is the origin of what
Jesus Christ is jumping into when he gets jumped and put on a cross it's
coming from here it's coming from here
you mean in Lydia right there should be a bunch of people it's a bunch of pagans and modern day
Turkey jumping up and down yeah you know it right you know it bro because what is
spreading this death and Resurrection cult yeah it's
bakus it's bakus yeah love it the Son of God the
Son of God are you a Son of God are you a daughter of God are you in the line do you know how to
make this stuff do you know how to send people there and bring them
back right if you don't you're not and probably never will be
AOS you thought Christians you thought I could just have faith and I could just sit here and say oh I'll believe it
shovel it in my mouth right
oh I'm sorry children once you see the origin of your master you can he can
shovel whatever he wants into your mouth you still got to look at him for what he
is and that is the great letdown as they call it in future future history
studies the great letdown when human civilization learned through a satanic
congregation that Jesus Christ Christ was a
trafficker a sex trafficker of
children so drugged off his so drugged oh God who was it that told him that who
was it go back chewy look it up do you know who did so the Muse did so that's
who deserves a credit let's go give it to me and she was like you tell them you tell them all about this guy you tell
them just look he's gonna look this this is some creepy stuff but he's going to come like a thief clap a and there for
the people who say aast is a thief no this is the actual word for kleftes here right he's gonna you got to know baby
when is that Dracula gonna make his way what's happening we're in Sardis baby
are you ready for this what does this say it says keep in mind I'm talking to the satanic congregation keep in mind
the things you have Acquired and heard and guard
them turn your mind to them yeah if you're not going to be
awake I'm going to come like a thief you're not going to
know you're not going to know when and I'm GNA come right on you I'm going to dissolve and
reappear right out of thin there boom I'm going to take you to some I'm going to drag you off in your
dreams right right do you understand the power of the
Magus do you understand the B of the Muse give me the next one um who are we talking to Sardis right um let me just
explain we're about to enter a cold are you ready for this whoever is able to come out of this that I'm telling you is
going to happen because I'm going to do it right the voice I'm telling you the voice voice of the of the Apocalypse I'm
playing the voice do you mind if I play the voice of the Apocalypse here's what I'm gonna do
here's what I'm gonna do whoever makes it
through we're going to put that person in those white gowns that we give to all
of those who successfully navigate the mystery yeah yeah yeah and I
won't take remove their Ona their name are you ready remember it's culty I
won't take their name from The Book of Zoey we all know that Zoe has a book we
all know who Zoe is if you're sitting there going huh well I say you Jed I've been out
preaching for years right out of the mountains I came and I preached for
years and I never seen the book of Zoe who's this
Zoe she's in the first edition of the thing you call the Bible and it's in
Greek and she is the reason that you're here
that's what that's what you you're going to recognize
it isn't it funny somebody who's been around this stuff their entire life and
only penetrated the English they it's very easy people right now um Danny
Jones is trying to get somebody to come and meet me somebody to come and meet me
in order to discuss what a Christ is in order to discuss what ancient
mystery is in order to discuss most importantly
and this one I'm this one is the one this is the big one why was Jesus arrested in a public park with a naked
kid screaming I'm not a child trafficker
why why um and
unfortunately it's been hard finding somebody who will sit
across from me at a table and discuss yeah do you know why I'll tell
you why it's so tough because they know the one thing they keep saying consistently over and over again is he
goes the he does go to the Greek right let's go to the Greek and they can't handle that they're afraid seminarians
priests preachers people who work in synagogues that educ that religious
education oh God the
mullers it's off they tell you they do Greek and they
don't and it's very easy to sit there with somebody and just to show people the world what I hear within about two
minutes of somebody talking I can tell this person doesn't work with the sources they don't know they this person
will be very easily toppled right if they are stupid enough
to show up now um so far we haven't found anybody who's stupid enough to
show up or arrogant right not not quite arrogant enough to try to show up and
why is that people people keep asking me why do you know this stuff why is this so personal why is it why haven't people
told me people Christ is a drug term you're only going to know that if you're
reading the scientific and it is just a fact that this stuff
goes totally ignored especially in modern scholarship it's just the way it is it's just the way it is people would
rather study home or in Virgil and I don't blame them that's fun that's fun okay um that's why it's not because
I'm special it's not because I'm special and it's not like this can't be repeated I
am telling you there is a Christ out there and it means a drug right
here we go here we go it's getting christed give me give me the next one I want people to see this um no not that
give me the give me that give me that picture one more time we were at the temple we were at the
temple and I just wanted people to see that remember it's this mountain where this type of uh worship
is being Advanced yes okay give me the just give me the next one good and what does he want us to do what does the
voice of God want us to do what does the voice of Apocalypse want us to
do look people you've got a few names in
Sardis which have not soiled their
garments now what is what the hell does that mean right and everybody's like oh and that analogy doesn't work
remember it's part of a right how do you come out of the right you come out when
you are producing those stained
garments yeah and he's saying the voice of the Apocalypse is telling him I know
you've got some there right who are not yet initi
created right these are the people that are going to walk with me in
the white in the white why is that because they have been
determined to be oxy do you remember what Alexander the false prophet was doing he was Finding
boys that are
worthy it's a process do you understand understand why they hate Pirates so much
it's a process uhhuh the stained garments and I
know it bothers you but I want you to look I want you to look look at number
two what are we doing we're staining or dying again right but look at defile or
debauch what kind of things do you debot people look at the very center of this I want you to look and focus look and
focus debot do you see the word debach what kind of things do you debauch
paa paa you know why that ooze was oozing
down Jesus's face because he was debauching the
children debauching I like that word better than banana I do or whipped creaming or you
know any kind of grapes and plums I like it better banana deuch debauch I
don't think that one's in the is that in the if we all act like victorians we'll make it right into Disney okay here we
go look um what do we need um so he's saying look you've got people that need
to be initiated I understand this make the preparations for it right so that
they can receive that new garment they can receive that stain now do you
understand why they're talking in the Myster about a that which is not purged that which is
not clean that which is
stain yeah okay have your garments been
stained do you know what the voice of the Apocalypse you know what the Lord
himself commanded you bonee heads to do I'm talking to the angelical now you you
know what he commanded you to do he commanded you to get christed in your
eyes but you never did so you are uninitiated and I declare
you dead isn't that nice isn't that nice um
according to the ancient right people don't worry it's all cult stuff from Antiquity it's all cult stuff hi Jesus
he with oh and there's foot washing right there's foot washing just realize it's the way it is you know what I mean
the only thing is here that's wrong is that we know when Jesus washed the feet of those kids we know that he had a
portable first of all he had a portable little wash pot chewy okay so that's a
you know AI is g to take it for that one and he was also not dressed right he was
not dressed he took off his clothes he was naked it says that he was naked he was naked and washing the boy boys
feet does anybody have a problem with Jesus being naked and washing somebody's
feet why chewy didn't oh okay yeah it's not chew's fault chew saying it's not my
fault it's not my fault Han did you see the did you see the algorithm give me
the where's where's the next one boom boom this is fun people thank you so
much and look there's a big bang coming at the end I'm so glad it's taking so long and you waiting so long it's like
finish this you hand gorgeous devil um
yeah write these things this is what the one who holds
the seven spirits of God seven spirits of God I didn't know I
could have that many the seven spirits of God and the Seven Stars this is what
he says okay remember Jesus right this is showing up in the morning store this
is the person who's been through it who's been into the right and has come out successfully what give it to me what
does it say about his stars in his hand I
know what you're doing isn't that ominous leave it up
there this is the voice that you're gonna hear when you're in the middle of this I know what you're
doing I know what you're doing okay I know what you're
doing and I know that you have a name and that that
name is you are the one living you are the one
dead you're the Living Dead Girl oh my
God oh my God we came where's that where's that guy what is he he's not a
vampire he's a zombie right um what is going on here in the
text you have a name do you know what happens within the right your name is
what gives you access to the Divinity your name is what the Priestess holds
up your name is what she gives you memory of isn't that gorgeous isn't that
gorgeous they say this would make us invulnerable right that was the whole deal supposed to make us all
invulnerable then why do we continually drink the blood oh you would love it
because there's nothing more delicious you dop head there's nothing more
delicious than the blood of Martyrs nothing have you ever tasted
martyr blood somebody who was so B to a faith they ended up getting it in the
the end that the faith ended up burning them
alive that's delicious in so many ways give me the next one give me the
next one I need to let let them know what the people are doing we're still here at Sardis and what is he what are
the instructions right keep your eyes open
establish everything that is about to die
okay everything do you hear through the Greek get everybody ready who is about
to die because remember they'll have a resurrection too and these are the ones
who are worthy bring them in right these are the kids that made it through the
process right this is Peter and James and John right and what do they have
they have onama they have name they have name
do you understand where the sons of thunder got their name what do you mean the sons of
thunder you didn't realize you didn't see the ritual I don't blame you I don't
blame you it's not your fault and I just happen to be the first person pricked by The Muse to say hey go into the medical
stuff this will be delicious you love it yeah we're very fortunate we're very
fortunate do you see the reality they'll never be able by the way they'll never
be able to recover from this they'll never be able to recover and it's not me
saying that it's other people saying that isn't that interesting I love that
I'm waiting to go back to Florida people please please somebody out there who has
the who has the courage to step step up to
almond the courage to step up to almond and the Muse those of
you who know your destiny is to go all the way
yeah um to everybody else who's running away You're cowards man I call them out
man head of Dallas theologic I call you out I call out other people too but I don't want to throw around throw around
Nam yeah I just want you people to know you're you're cowards you're absolute
cowards give me the next one oh the people are like they're way too long who is this goddess of the temple that I
just showed you Aram and what is she she is the one who
pours the poison she is the one who pours the drug she's the one we live by
what are we doing with in our cult we're making incense we're making drugs
putting it into the form of vapors because we are healing Cults we are healing Cults and that at the point of
the healing cult is where Mary Magdalene steps up with her
alabastron of this pure nard another drug people do you realize
this is where Jesus is getting pushed into it too right right this drug is applied you know how this thing is
applied on an alabastron it's to erectum in a sexual
situation that's why nonce is all like go she's so sexy man she had that sexy
hair you didn't see that part did you no they took that part out they took that
part out because they hate sex bro they hate Aphrodite Aphrodite is at the core of that mystery bro I'm sorry it's
desire where's the teacher say for us to go he says he says where look our um the
the master that sent us the teacher that sent us said where's my bedroom baby right he's preparing the
right already he's already prepared and
what is he giving the kids he's giving them that Hima I just want you to notice under the you know blood you can
translate this is blood right look at be though what do we have here in the blood we've got some kind of concept of die
die alkanet isn't that nice isn't that nice AKA courage some kind of courage in
that blood that wildness that we know they've mistaken in the past for the
vital essence of what you and I call the seman yeah okay all while he's on the
cross and where are we going we're going into a Bic fit we're going into a bakic
fit people look at yeah okay bakos that's nice big deal Al what are you showing us of or long or belonging to
bakus and his rights okay very nice very nice you see the word Lord there under Bas right this
is all preceding Christianity right you see how we're digging in what can you call something
that's bakic you can call Wine bakic it is the Hima
of the god do you think Jesus was the first no he
wasn't here's the mystery author I wanted to show you here's the mystery
author I want to show you are you ready for this
um um this is nonas and nonas is paraphrasing the Gospel of John so what
you're getting is the Gospel of John Through The Eyes of somebody from antiquity
somebody who is well familiar with medical things well
familiar with drugs oh yeah he knew it he knew all the stuff what does he call the Christ and that is what I'm talking
about Jesus here in this situation is Jesus what is he calling this Christ he's saying he's the Christ who is
prophetic peso do you understand you're not going
to if you're going to come back from a death State and being on the other side you're going to bring back something
with you the process of christing it wasn't just prophetic with Jesus it was
prophetic with whoever was doing it and we know it was done in the late Bronze Age we have a text for it by a woman
named media who coincidentally is called Diana and is considered to be the
founder of her rights okay I showed you the temple I
showed you the reality the this is a reality for Jesus on the cross right
we're just about to bust things open here's the hros now I want you to look at the sweat that's on Jesus just look
at number two that sweat can also be a sweat of
something a product of something like an opium poppy head you know what I mean it can be an
exudation of the plant something that leaks out of the plant that kind of thing and you'll notice here gum right
res res resin right fantastic um what is that stuff on
Jesus's face is what we're really getting to and why would he be carrying it Jesus is in a mental state on the
cross of being troubled in
anguish and this is term for all of you who don't like medical look in the purple at the bottom notice that it's
derives from Adon which is found only as V1 in
hypocrates epidemics why are those victorians
quoting these scientific sources because it's how the language is being used
people and they're not stupid they're not stupid right now what are they fighting
against what are they fighting against you see this combat in this Oxford
lexicon constantly you'll see within one definition a little
constellation of Bible references with Biblical definitions
that are theologically influenced and when you see those you realize ah those
victorians they were still operating in a world where the monest cult had burned
everything and it saturated its presence you know what we don't need we just need
people who read Greek and who read a lot right who know all the sources and can
work with those sources right nobody can know them all because there's a lot but um yeah uh this is a new thing people
people are going to open this up and say oh my God right it's coming that's why they won't meet me they won't meet me
because they know they're going to get a thrashing because they don't know what this word is as Jesus hangs on the cross
in his thr this word around himself they don't know what a lace stas is here's
the sweat oh give me the next one I'm sorry I didn't need the sweat again give me there that's that's what I
need Jesus says I am wait a minute what and people will say h he's saying
Moses right he's he's doing the Moses thing he's out there in the wilderness he's like I am that I am right everybody
watched charl and H no that's not what he's saying he says I am
hristos I am that christed one I am that christed one again in a
conversation with people who want to imprison you or kill you you are forced
to admit that you have been christed you know you know and he's
having problems walking now right he's stumbly bum give me the next one give me the next
one that's what's happening but we'll get back to that that one's um they're making beds people they're making beds
for the kitties don't forget that give me the next one remember the crowd that's so mad at them right what does
Jesus do when he makes beds for children or for people who are you know Nish down
to maybe 10 what's he do with them he lays down with them he lays down with
them washes feet and lays down with him and now he's on a cross with a bunch of
people screaming you know you know let it let let it happen right how did we
get here to this state of mind always with hymns people this is what Jesus
does as he is entering into the uh mystery operation with the
naked kid they're accompanied by songs accompanied by songs who do you think
those songs are to
devil devil was right man devil was right like don't stretch it out too long tonight the you got to help help these
people along with your evening what is he doing when he goes out with a naked kid in the garden before he gets
crucified he's entering into those chants that they're performing in the M
right um ritual that we see in the Greek magical papy right I'm not making this
up this is real and he's entering into that state where they're performing those rights you can put the rights of
mithis right next to what Jesus Christ is doing in the garden and you can see he's performing a
right he is entering into that death and
Resurrection oh God how did he get caught in the middle of this right give
me the next one it was just because of the kids and that's why Jesus keeps saying you're gonna be scandalized look
at this Greek verb this has so many naughty knobby kind of consonant to it
scand stasis scandalist that sounds scandalous
doesn't it you he's asking that's what's going to happen you hang around with Jesus give me okay look people let's
just fly in for the hit here it is here it is here's the big one here's the big
one You definitely haven't had this right for everybody who sat there and said you know I've seen that one or that one this one you haven't I'm about to
read to you an account and I'm so proud to do this I'm so proud to do this I feel so
special that I can bring this to you you know what this is again this is John in
paraphrase by nonas and um what does he say here he
says he's talking about the arrest of Jesus and when he's taken before Pilate and all that he says
[Music]
St right what is that what does that say look at that first word I
man nuts nuts when the leader of the people
heard this dude Jesus saying crazy
stuff out of a mouth that was Furious yeah wait a minute what what
what kind of dude is this Jesus he's a lace stain he beat him up he whipped
him do you see what this text is doing it's referring to Jesus Christ it's a
paraphrase the Gospel of John in this chapter and what does it do calls Jesus
a lace stays I am not the one who came up with that they were doing it in
Antiquity they were doing it in Antiquity do you know what pilate
thought of Jesus he thought he was another human sex trafficker right he thought he was
another give me the next one I'm not the one saying this people and while he's on the cross remember he's not able to
respond the only thing he does is identify himself as a Christ
yeah other than that he doesn't engage in the conversation frustrates the hell out of everybody around him do you know
why they put on him the purple that is the blood of the kohu this what this is
saying right we are involved in the processing of the purple
when we work for artemisa and this cult has been around for a a long time by the time Jesus gets
there but his handling of the initiation it went a
foul and he ended up where did he end up he ended up on a cross of all places
getting crucified give me the next one I'm going to give you here's one more we've only got a couple more and we're
done um I want you to see though this is the real climax this is the real punch
are you ready I just want you to see
this is notice as paraphrase of the point in the Gospel of John when they
grab that um sponge and they soak it they soak
it in that oxos right here
anus a some dude thought he heard him say oxus so he went and get the sponge
and he fills the sponge with what this is line 152 for those of you don't
sources sources stick
this excuse me what is a p it's a drink it's a
potion and it's a combo a drug combo and
what is dreo how does he describe that give me the next slide and then I want to go
back to that one how does he describe that thing he describes it with
this word drus which means piercing sharp or Keen keep reading keep reading
things that are pungent look at middle of paragraph two
Roman numeral 2 with pungent drugs again a medical
reference do you see what the victorians were doing In 1855 they were bringing in these sources
and that was a no no because what that does is expose the actual history of the
Christianity some kind of bitter pungent drug are you kidding give me the next one um I mean give me the last one that
we were just on the text text um and so what what is that's how this dude is
describing what this drug is that Jesus is getting on the cross in Greek now I
want you to look at line 155 the very first word
Anon antidot what is the drug they're giving him that oxos
othr what is it it's an antidot it's an antidote an antidote for
what look at line 156 the Aro that's the bread that causes you to
prophesy
the Visionary bread do you understand that Jesus Christ was in the middle of a cult
operation and he was involving lots of kids give me the next one last one I
think this is it I just wanted to leave you with the oh is that oh here's the thespius just to let you know here okay
here it is look here divination wo right divinely sounding divinely sweet this is where he's wanting to take himself give
me something just from classical Antiquity you wash your hands with that
smothness H you're going to coia You're Gonna create a
fog by means of that hros that sweat of
the Smyrna all right again I remind you we're talking about people talking about
compound drugs and how to use them within the rights that are religious and
that's why God is telling you in the apocalypse to put the Christ into your
eyes last but not least look at the second line
anes do you know where Jesus is on the cross this is the last depiction via the
paraphrase of nonas and he says where is Jesus hanging on that cross he's hanging
ones right next to
death right coming into the death State he is
a he finished off his initiation on the
cross and he leaned back his head and he
entered into the death that is
purposefully driven thony the death that is purposely
driven what was Jesus Christ doing the jokes on you you thought he was standing
there on the cross taking all that sin that hurt all your sin Little Tommy
every time you saw me you know what it was it was the fourth grade it was the fourth grade Tommy and you saw Miss
Baker you saw just like I did Tommy stop thinking about
[Music] her right we pirates from Antiquity who
traffic in human Souls know the Reigns of the control of
the Christos yeah isn't it funny it all
comes down to that it all comes down to that to tonight what I want you to have
seen is let's bring up that that final get give me that final one one more time
um because that's G to lead oh yeah yeah that voluntary death is
not a process of accepting the sins of the
world and giving your life into the hands of God that is not what that is
that's what the the theology has told you it is that's not what this is this is the
voluntary induction of death via the drugs and when Jesus took
that oxus he took it as the antidote and he was technically finished since he had
the antidote on Bor and surprise
surprise they say he came out of it just like you would in a mystery cult and he
got up just like he said and went to
Galilee you mean to tell me that the devil wants me to know that Jesus Christ
was genuinely revived in a cult right that involved
little children yep that's what the Greek
says that that's what the Greek says so next time you consider the dying Christ
please also consider that he was in the middle of a ritual that was meant to
bring him to a place of death and Resurrection realize that he
died not from a cross but from a ritual
that was made meant to kill him yeah the
history the anthropology the archaeology it's always way more interesting than the garbage that the
theologians pump out in order to control you in order to keep you monest so that
they can get rid of the rest of us thank you for coming tonight it's
very important that we as members of the satanic
congregation find a place to
hunt it's very important that we be allowed to
worship as the dead worshiped
please bring us a sacrifice bring us somebody who's too
arrogant to know better and let's show the world that we own these
taxs and that they belong to us in the
ion thank you for coming tonight Hil
Satan 666 on FES my witch on purple dop
welcome to Babylon you might not know the names of the streets you're on the
Rob was PID for gold the people sold the souls for a briefcase full of dope the
kids got turned the soap [__] these streets they ain't no joke Oxy Cotton
got you sniffing Ajax James Brown [__] is a
payback my witch will give a kick on her broke stick flying through the sky
full moon shin and shine these drucks are really strong
could [__] you all night long puff puff on the B Irish witch like G and CH old
school riding listen to my favorite songs cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this place is on fire I'm glad you made it give me some loving lunatics on the
CRA 666 Medusa zombie junk bending
Corners black magic voodoo 666 on FES my witch I'm purple
dop 666 on boes my witch I'm purple dop